[Music]
what doctor is telling me that no
is pregnant if I like I recommend
an otolaryngologist to check your nest and
others perfectly well we have heard the
what's wrong with the list is you to see
of weight
no no no no how can I calm down I have
house where they are in the other little brother there
I'm denying you nothing, ma'am
simply and simply dismissed
it does not exist like I feel
and maybe you do not
it is very clear and also at a level
It's so pretty that even your mom
what are you going to have now is
speaking to your liver is the son of my
entrails will be your insides but you
he was wrong about symptoms and please give
tonic and maintained menopause and
was lady menopause is not
synonymous with old age but is another of the
symptoms is irritability but what
things have also been denying me
the book tells me well I want one had
an option mom did the doctor not
you were pregnant
we are trying a process of
menopause
well again all together I can not and
I accept that I was wrong
there is nothing that can be done is a
natural process by lowering estrogen
and progesterone I recommend a
substitute hormone treatment guys
at least to the mustache not if it takes the
hormones
what you say that massa the best
how is your metabolism
[Music]
well nice I can know if I say it
because you are going to experience a
increase in body fat
old contries see nothing because of that
has the bridge already
[Music]
but no
because he is much more man and we love